hello guys welcome to my channel my name
is marina McGill co but you can also say
marina Jellico but it doesn't matter
because today we're talking about top 11
jobs top 11 most well paid jobs in the
United States so if you're interested
who earns $30,000 a month please
continue watching this video
as you know and if you do not know then
you should subscribe to my channel and
watch the previous video but the video
was about top 11 jobs that have the
biggest number of job openings in the
United States but this video is about
the amount of money that the people earn
so profession number 11 is called
software engineer obvious right you have
to have computer science degree and you
have to be good at coding and if you
come to San Francisco you will have the
majority of job openings and currently
there are more than a thousand job
openings and people earn around $110,000
a year refreshen number 10 coverage
controller this guy's managed corporates
finance they do tax optimization they do
different things or they control the
financials of a big corporation you
should have a background in finance I
would say maybe you have like a
bachelor's degree from your country but
if you want to be a corporate controller
I would suggest doing masters in finance
here in the United States so you know
the standards that are here and you
would get acquainted with the corporate
culture of America and as you know if
you're a foreign student if you come to
the States do your masters you get up to
three years of opt which is a work
permit for you to stay in the States and
work for this period of time so yeah if
you do a master's degree in finance
you can totally apply for a corporate
controller position and there are
currently 259 job openings for the
corporate controller and the majority of
them are concentrated in New York and as
you know New York is the financial
center of the United States 4c2 Wall
Street everything is there like if we're
talking about tech and innovation and
code and whatever San Francisco Silicon
Valley and in San Francisco right now by
the way we're talking about finance and
maybe like fashion that's New York and
if we're talking about usually racial
social media or vloggers or like film LA
I'm going arts as a profession number
nine R&D manager these guys are
responsible for innovation and research
right now a lot of money go into
research and development in medical
sphere and I have a couple of friends
here who
actually working on like beating cancer
or trying to grow organs in pigs so they
can be transplanted into human beings
later and like this sphere is really
well financed and yes people are looking
for cure for different diseases so if
you have medical background and if
you're into research this is something
you can totally do as you know you can
do PhD in the United States and the
majority of PhDs receive full financial
assistance and yet your cities will be
financed you will get some steep end and
you will work on your research and yeah
when you graduate you can be an R&D
manager and you will earn around
$110,000 a year currently there are
around 200 job openings
number 8 applications development
manager this is the guy who actually
manages the creation of different
applications we can talk about apps on
our phones we can talk about the apps on
desktop but this is a guy who would
manage different people involved in
creating an application link designers
UX you eyes product managers and
developers themselves you would need to
have a computer science degree or
background in computer science in order
to apply for this job and again the
majority of job offerings are in Texas
and you know why because Texas is called
the new Silicon Valley here in the
United States and I totally understand
why because rent here like in San
Francisco's crazy salaries are crazy and
you have to compete with companies like
Google and Facebook who offer you know
what an intern at Facebook earns $7,000
a month like seriously the guy who just
graduated from I don't just graduated
from his second year of his bachelor's
earns $7,000 say it's really impossible
to compete with other employers here so
a lot of companies are transferring
their development offices into Texas and
Texas is growing in that sense
application development managers earn
around 100 $12,000 a year and there are
more than 500 job openings right now and
maybe it's one you one thing disclaimer
I'm a mom I wouldn't select my
profession just based on how much people
earn or how many job openings there are
I would choose it based on whatever I
love you should ask yourself what is
that thing that I'm able to do for free
for the next two years and if the answer
is like well
games on computer then you should study
a twitch channel and make money of it or
if it's video then you start use just at
your own YouTube channel you shouldn't
be like oh my god
application managers are in so much
money I should be an application manager
know like seriously
number seven physician's assistant and
we are coming into this medical lovely
medical field where people spend
hundreds of thousands of dollars in
their education and then they just have
to earn a lot in order to pay off all of
the debt and this is why medicine like
healthcare in the United States is so
expensive and as I said a lot is being
done in order to improve the situation
but physician's assistants earn a
hundred twelve thousand dollars a year
and this is not even doctor this is
somebody who just helps he's not able to
like consult patients yet and again
there are more than 13 thousand openings
in the United States the majority of
them are in Houston Texas so if your
passion is connected with health care
I would totally totally look at Texas
profession number six Enterprise
Architect and this is the guy who has to
know what's going on in terms of IT
resources in the company who has to know
how everything is structured and he's
gonna work with sea level managers and
they're gonna decide what is the best
way how do we optimize all the IT
resources that we have in order to grow
faster and of course you should have
computer science background to apply for
this position and I would suggest having
like at least two or three years of
experience because you would need to
know how everything works from inside
out the average salary is a hundred
twelve thousand dollars a year and there
are more than 1300 job openings for this
position and the majority of them are in
New York a lot of IT businesses are also
moving to New York if they are connected
with like fashion or finance because
this is the place where they find
partners so I would say if you're a
developer look for job openings in San
Francisco of Silicon Valley and New York
as well as well as Texas
number five again again again medicine
what am i singing pharmacist a guy who
worked in a pharmacy earn a hundred
twenty five thousand dollars a year and
one in five thousand job open right now
on Glassdoor
I don't know guys how much do
pharmacists earn in your country but in
my country where I come from nothing
close to this uh but again healthcare in
the United States is really expensive
there are a lot of job openings for this
position in Baltimore which is hometown
for Johns Hopkins the University which
is one of the best for medical science
and California Sacramento San Diego oh
my god this word again Lee a jean
liaison number for medical science
liaison this is the guy with sits down
with our CEO of a clinic and they decide
together what inventory they're gonna
buy which markets have the most
opportunity for them how do they market
this in this in that product so this is
the guy I would say who has background
in medicine and background in economics
and if you remember one of my Master's
applications was to carry business
school in Johns Hopkins and I would say
this is one of the best schools for like
combining boasted disciplines because
Johns Hopkins is a really good
University for medicine and then Carey
business school has a lot of masters
like marketing in medicine or research
in medicine so if you're interested in
someone like this I would consider Johns
Hopkins another place to consider for
medical studies of course Harvard
Harvard ha is the top Medical School in
the United States these guys earn a
hundred thirty two thousand dollars a
year and they're around four hundred job
openings right now and the majority of
them are concentrated in Cambridge
exactly where Harvard is Cambridge
Massachusetts already so we are at the
top three most well paid jobs in the
United States number three of course it
should be that one of course it's
connected with law cuz lawyers here earn
a lot of money you wouldn't believe like
when we registered a company we have
this lawyer and her rate is nine
$150 an hour an hour like just talking
to her for an hour 950 dollars I know
that the majority of that would be taken
by the company itself to support like
other people who work in the office but
yes they earn a lot so number three is
patent attorney this is the guy who
would help you with your trademark
patent who'd represent you in court if
you have any problems who would help you
register it these guys earn around a
hundred forty thousand dollars a year
and there are more than 500 job openings
right now the majority of them are in
Los Angeles in order to become a lawyer
in the United States you would need to
have background in law funny right
but if you have background a law from
your own country if you come to the
state I was just doing an LLM which is a
one-year law degree and then you should
take a bar exam and you will become an
accredited attorney in the state where
you - where you pass the bar exam if you
don't have a background in law what many
Americans do they do a JD program which
is a three year program you have to pass
L SAT to be accepted but then at the end
of the program again you pass the bar
exam and you become a licensed attorney
number two pharmacy manager and pharmacy
managers are around 150,000 dollars in
the United States the majority of 2,370
job openings are concentrated again in
Texas and yeah you should have
medical science background and I was
just managing background again Johns
Hopkins has perfect master's degrees for
that and number one like I wouldn't be
surprised but so physician doctors they
earn a hundred eighty seven thousand
dollars a year which is the average
average across all of the different
specifications across the states and
there were more than 7,000 job openings
so doctors are in high demand but this
is where glass door stops and they say
yes this is the fast paid job in the
United States but I went further because
there is so many different doctors
made my research and here it is if
you're a surgeon on average you earn
three hundred thirty eight thousand
dollars a year now we go up if you are
an anesthesiologist and this seizure
anesthesiologist you earn three hundred
fifty thousand dollars a year
radiologists three hundred fifty five
thousand dollars a year and number one
please pay attention cardiologist three
hundred fifty six thousand dollars a
year
let's see what's that per month three
five six divided by twelve thirty
thousand dollars if you're a
cardiologist okay so the highest tax
rate in the United States is forty
percent so even if you pay like forty
percent in taxes which they don't like
normally you would have mortgage you
wouldn't have like children or dependent
people so this will minimize your tax
burden but an average they will get like
eighty thousand dollars anymore after it
Lex oh wow
like I was sitting with a guy here I'm
in the office and there was one guy here
he was listening to me and then he just
closed his laptop and said I'm gonna go
get my medical degree I'm like those
people can definitely afford living in
San Francisco they do and I would say
like because this is an average salary I
would say our cardiologists earn a lot
more than that in San Francisco San
Francisco's an expensive city and this
is averaged by like Texas who has which
is the less expensive state I hope I
surprised you guys please do not forget
to subscribe to this channel and like
this video if you're still watching like
if you're are not in coma after hearing
all of the Saros salaries here in the
United States please like this video if
you enjoyed it let me know
thank you so much for watching this up
to the end and I will see you next week
bye
you